Nextcloud Apps guides and refactor (#372)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/service-guides/nextcloud/nextcloud-apps/nc-cookbook.rst

    .. tip:: Use the "Search" function to quickly find the App you are looking for

#. Once installed/enabled, you will get a new icon in your top menu for "Cookbook."  Click it to get started.

#. You can now start adding recipes.  Simply find a recipe online and copy the URL into the box on the left.  In most cases, this will be translated into an easy-to-read recipe with ingredients and steps, and without all the distractions and junk included with most recipe pages.

    .. tip:: Tag and categorize your recipes!  Basic settings are available in the bottom-left menu.

Mobile Setups
-------------

Nextcloud Cookbook (Android / iOS)
..................................
There are 2 versions of this app available on Android, and one on iOS.  Check this `repository <https://github.com/nextcloud/cookbook/>`_ for details.

#. Go to your app store of choice and install the Nextcloud Cookbook app.

#. (Android connection) You can select a previously connected Nextcloud account, or scan an app-specific QR, created under Nextcloud's main menu -> Personal Settings -> Security

#. (iOS connection) You will be prompted to enter the following:

>     - Server URL - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Interfaces (LAN is recommended)

Reviewer: "... from your server's Services -> Nextcloud ..."

>     - Server URL - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Interfaces (LAN is recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Server URL - get this from your server's Services -> Nextcloud -> Interfaces (LAN is recommended)
```

>     - Server URL - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Interfaces (LAN is recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Server URL - get this from your server's Services -> Nextcloud -> Interfaces (LAN is recommended)
```

>     - Username - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Properties (embassy is default)

Reviewer: "... from your server's Services -> Nextcloud ..."

>     - Username - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Properties (embassy is default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Username - get this from your server's Services -> Nextcloud -> Properties (embassy is default)
```

>     - Username - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Properties (embassy is default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Username - get this from your server's Services -> Nextcloud -> Properties (embassy is default)
```

>     - Password - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Properties

Reviewer: "... from your server's Services -> Nextcloud ..."

>     - Password - get this from your server -> Nextcloud -> Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Password - get this from your server's Services -> Nextcloud -> Properties
```
